= Ecm::Pictures 2

= Purpose

Create and administrate picture galleries in active admin and display them on
in your ruby on rails applictation. Orangebox is used for lightbox support.

= Migrating from 1.x.x to 2.0.0

Add active_admin-awesome_nested_set to your gemfile, if you are using activeadmin:

    # Gemfile
    gem 'active_admin-acts_as_list'


= Prerequisites

  * Ruby on Rails 4.x
  * Twitter Bootstrap 3

= Prerequisites when using active admin

if you are using activeadmin as backend, ecm_cms2 comes with admin files to provide a backend. In that case, you'll need active_admin-acts_as_list. Add it to your gemfile:

    # Gemfile
    gem 'active_admin-acts_as_list'

= Features

  * Drop in module for active admin.
  * Render a gallery with one method call in your views.
  * Lightbox support.
  * Picture and Gallery sorting.


= Installation


Add it to your gemfile:

  # Gemfile
  gem 'ecm_pictures2'

Install your bundle:

  > bundle install

Generate initializer:

  > rails generate ecm:pictures:install

Add the routes to your config/routes.rb:

  Rails.application.routes.draw do
    .
    .
    .
    Ecm::Pictures::Routing.routes(self)
  end

Generate the migrations:

  > rake ecm_pictures_engine:install:migrations

Migrate:

  > rake db:migrate

Add the helper to your application controller:

    # app/controllers/application_controller.rb
    class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
      helper Ecm::PicturesHelper
      ...
    end

== Optional: Generate locale files

You may want to copy the locales to your app:

  > rails generate ecm:pictures:locales

= Usage

You can administrate your pictures and picture galleries in active admin.

Once you have a gallery, you can display it like this:

  <%= render_picture_gallery 'Holidays 2012' %>

= Running specs

    gem install bundler
    bundle
    cd spec/dummy && rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=test && cd ../..
    guard

= License

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
